README.md, before:


![star-wars-obi-wan-kenobi](https://github.com/FarukCaluk/FarukCaluk/assets/134332855/5396e518-85da-47c6-ab77-51bb9f14d99e)

Hey, I'm Faruk Čaluk!
🎓 I'm a software engineering student with a passion for learning and a drive to stay on top of the fast-paced world of tech.

🥋 When I'm not coding, you’ll probably find me on the mats training in Taekwondo, Kickboxing, or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These disciplines push me both physically and mentally — teaching focus, discipline, and resilience.

💻 I enjoy working with a range of technologies — from C++ to React — and love building things that are both useful and meaningful. Whether it's a group project or something I'm exploring solo, I’m always looking for ways to grow and improve.

🚀 I regularly collaborate with friends on various tech projects, but I also value those late-night coding sessions where ideas turn into real solutions. You can check out some of what I’ve been working on over on GitHub.

Let's Connect
🌐 Explore my projects on GitHub
📫 Have a question or just want to chat? Reach out at farukcaluk12@gmail.com

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and engagement
Updated README to enhance personal introduction and tech stack.

README.md, after:

<!-- Banner image -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/FarukCaluk/FarukCaluk/assets/134332855/5396e518-85da-47c6-ab77-51bb9f14d99e" alt="Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi" width="80%" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hey, I'm Faruk Čaluk! 🚀</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software Engineering Student | Martial Artist | Tech Explorer</h3>

---

🌟 **About Me**

Hi there! I'm a passionate software engineering student who loves to stay on the cutting edge of tech. Whether it's **C++**, **C#**, **JavaScript**, **React**, **Next.js**, **Nest.js**, **HTML**, **CSS**, **Tailwind**, or **Bootstrap** — I’m always excited to learn and build new things.

🥋 **Martial Artist by Day, Coder by Night**

When I’m not deep in code, you’ll probably catch me training Taekwondo, Kickboxing, or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Martial arts have taught me focus, discipline, and resilience — qualities I bring to every line of code and project.

💡 **What I Do**

- 💻 Build meaningful, useful software with modern tech
- 🤝 Collaborate on group projects and hackathons
- 🛠️ Tinker solo on late-night coding sessions (where the best ideas are born!)
- 🌱 Always learning — always leveling up

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=flat&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E?style=flat&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![
